FLYDUBAI CHATBOT PROJECT

DEVELOPERS : ANIRUDH DAHIYA, HEMANT KASAT, NIKHIL GARAKAPATI

The chatbot is in its nascent stage at the time of writing this document, and various aspects of the 
bot are being formalised into classes.
Below is a brief description of the workflow and various components that are being designed.

Session:
    This is the engine of the chatbot, and the user input output is handled from hereon.
    Firstly the bot greets the user, and makes it aware of the capabilities of the bot by
    mentioning the services it provides, which are currently: flight search, booking and tracking.
    
    The successive user inputs are passed onto the inputProcessor method, which itself calls two components.
    * attributeGetter : This method takes in the user input and the current active context, and gives out the
                        cleaned output, and the identified attributes.
    * intentIdentifier : This method takes in the cleaned user input and the current active context, and gives the
                        intent behind the user utterance. It can lead to the user staying in the same intent, or change
                        of user intent

    The session also stores all the user variables which have been accumulated over the course of the conversation.

Intent:
    This represents an intent in the conversational flow, which for now can be either book, search or track. It contains data
    about the corresponding user utterances for this intent, the required parameters of this intent and the action of this intent.

    The required parameters are all linked to the entities in the chatbot, like place, time, class etc. There is also the option of 
    setting these parameters to True, and also the option of setting up the corresponding prompts.

Entity:
    There can be two types of entities :
    * Expressions : These can be time, date, number and other variables.
    * Named : These are fixed value entities, like places, ticket-class etc.

Context:
    These act as flags for the conversational flow, and can be invoked by intent or the user utterance.
    These also have a lifespan attribute, which shall be ideally decreased by 1 at each user input.


